feat: remove error callbacks from subscription API (#3354)
garden-co/jazz: homepage/homepage/content/docs/upgrade/0-20-0.mdx

**NB**: if you use WASM crypto on Edge runtimes, you need to ensure that WASM is available and initialized. See more details at [WASM on Edge runtimes](/docs/react/server-side/setup#wasm-on-edge-runtimes).
- We have intruduced a way to permanently [delete CoValues](/docs/core-concepts/covalues/deleting). This brings a new `deleted` loading state.
- You can now only use strings or records of strings as [`unique` parameters](/docs/react/core-concepts/covalues/comaps#uniqueness). This ensures that serialisation is deterministic.

> - The errors ins `subscribe` API has been made more explicit: error callbacks (`onError`, `onUnauthorized`, `onUnavailable`) have been removed, and the listener now receives a `Settled` value that includes both loaded and error states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Error handling in the `subscribe` API has been made more explicit: error callbacks (`onError`, `onUnauthorized`, `onUnavailable`) have been removed, and the listener now receives a `Settled` value that includes both loaded and error states.
```
